All right, so before we wrap
up this section, I really want
to build a, full kind of app
where we see all the things
that we have learned so far.
Have some code.
The more you're going
to write the code, the more
it's better for you.
You are going to enjoy this.
And eventually things actually
click when you write more code,
not just when you Var the videos.
So let me take you onto the screen.
I have created a new file which is
07 complete order.
Now, it's actually hidden behind
me, so I can just move it up here.
This is the new file name,
by the way.
In this panel, there is nothing
much, it's just the file name.
So I'll walk you through, and once
you see that after that you don't
need to Var it again, feel free
to name your file whatever you like.
It's 07 complete order.
And that is all what we have.
I'll, take it back.
And that's why I keep myself here
in the bottom corner, because there
is no important information here.
All right, so what we're going to
do, we are going to build a simple
bill app where I just generate
your bill with all the precautionary
measure that I have.
First of all, I'll go ahead
and create a class which says
invalid chierror.
There we go.
I know that how this works.
We know that we can just go
ahead and pass on exception
as a base class to this one.
And then in the same line
also, I can write this pass.
This is one liner, but this
is a common sentinel.
You can write this
in the next line as well.
But if you have one liner, it's
allowed to write like that.
Once I have this, I want to simply
define a method which says bill.
And this time you give me
again the same stuff,
which is flavor, flavor.
And you pass me up cups,
how many cups you want.
And this time we'll go ahead
and precautionary do the things.
First of all, let's declare
a variable menu, and inside that
we'll have the key value pairs.
The first one being masala chai,
which will be of price 20 rupees.
It has dropped its price.
And then we have another key,
which is ginger.
Ginger.
There we go.
And the value of the ginger chai.
I'll keep it 40.
Now, next up is I want
to try and check all of the things
that are coming up.
First of all, I want to check whether
the flavor is in the menu or not.
I can do the same trick if I have
just one value Or I can actually
do this in the one line as well.
But this time I'll not do
that since you understand
the concept and the syntax.
I'll just check whether if
the flavor is not in menu.
In that case I would love
to raise an error and this time I
can raise my own custom error
which is invalid chai error.
Love that.
And I can say that
chai is not available.
All.
Right, Good enough.
Now I also want to check whether the
cups that you are providing me
because previously I know it was
222I I really want to check whether
you are actually providing me a
number of not.
I can go ahead and check.
If not, there is a nice
thing is instance.
So I can check for anything.
Whether you are an instance
of a class or something like that.
I can just go ahead and provide.
What do I want to check?
I want to check for cups.
What type of instance
you want to check?
And you can see we have integer here.
I can just go ahead and check
whether you are an integer.
I can check for float
double all these values.
Remember the data types we
were studying earlier?
Yes.
I can go ahead and check that
if it is not an instance of integer,
I want to raise the error again.
This time I will not probably raise
my own custom error because it's
a well known error of type error.
And I can just provide
the number of cups.
Must be an integer.
There we go.
All right, that part is done.
Now we have checked both
the flavor as well as cups.
This time we have done
a better job than the previous
one we did accidentally.
And now I can go ahead
and calculate the total, which is
pretty easy to calculate.
You can just go ahead and say
from the menu I want to get a
key, whatever the key here you
have passed me, which is in
this case I can just have a
flavor just like that again,
same style.
And I can multiply it by cups
confidently because I know this time
that you will be an integer.
And I can then print out
a formatted string just like this.
And I can say your bill for
whatever the cups you have ordered.
Your bill for X number of cups.
I can write that cups
again, cups and off.
Let's use flavor as well.
And we can again use chai.
Notice we, are just formatting
the values nicely.
And I can say rupees
and then I can say total.
There we go.
Nicely.
Formatted message
all right, so this is all good.
Now if anything else goes wrong,
we can still handle that.
We can go ahead and say
accept Just like this.
And I can say let's print this
error, but where is the error?
So in the except you can actually
catch all these exception with this
exception class that we have and,
and let's cast this as E so
that it's easier to work on with.
And I will say, hey, let's go
ahead and print all the error
and we can actually handle them just
by E, otherwise I have to write
the whole exceptions and stuff.
But this is a common practice
and common pattern.
Now once I have done this, of course
most common thing, which is finally,
you don't have to always write it,
but in some cases it makes sense.
I will just go ahead and print
a simple message that will say
thank you for visiting Chai code
with an exclamation.
We are happy.
I'm excited.
There we go.
Now what could be the use case of it?
Couple of use case,
we'll try all of this.
Let's go ahead and try the bill.
This time we'll ask for mint.
So I know that mint doesn't exist.
We'll go ahead and say
two cups of it.
I know that masala exists, so I'll
just go ahead and say masala.
But we'll do the same mistake of
instead of two we'll go for three.
We can go for two as well.
And let's order one thing
which actually makes
sense, which is ginger.
And this time we'll just
go ahead and go like this
and we'll say three.
There we go.
So we all mixed and match.
This one doesn't exist in the key,
this one is having a wrong syntax
and this one is actually good.
So this time we are actually
writing code much
better, much more carefully.
Just like I would have written
in the production.
Let's go ahead and run this.
So Python 3 this time we'll go
ahead and say 07 and run this.
There we go.
Everything handled nicely.
First of all it says error that
Chai is not available and thank you
for visiting because finally always
executes good enough.
The second time it says number
of cup must be an integer.
Thank you for visiting Chai and code.
That's good enough.
And third time it says your bill
for three cups of ginger chai is
rupees 120, which is good enough.
And we are saying thank you for
visiting, so this is good enough.
Whatever we have learned so far, we
were able to execute all of this.
The code files is also
available within the lecture.
And the most important
part is do rate us.
We really need that.
Now let's go ahead and catch
up in the next video.